Add vagrant config (#7)
phoeinx/mariadb-columnstore-engine: DEVELOPING.md

## Troubleshooting

### Killing a process during Debugging

Especially during debugging you might end up killing a process, which leads to error messages like:

`ERROR 1815 (HY000): Internal error: MCS-2033: Error occurred when calling system catalog.` 

This error message occurs when the `PrimProc` process is killed, but all other processes continue running and cannot access the system catalog which is served by `PrimProc`.

You can verified that this happened by having a look at all running processes for MariaDB/mysql via:

```bash
ps -axwffu | grep mysql
```

And restart any service via 

```bash
systemctl restart mcs-<process_name>
```

### Zombie/Defunct processes

Sometimes Zombie/Defunct processes can cause problems, e.g. when one PrimProc process has become defunct, a new one has been started, but MariaDB still attaches to the defunct process. Refer to [here](https://www.linuxjournal.com/content/how-kill-zombie-processes-linux) for ways to kill Zombie processes. Sometimes a restart of the development machine can be the quickest way to resolve this problem, however.

> ## Development Setup with Local Linux VM for M1 Macs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development Setup with Local Linux VM for ARM-based Macs
```

Author: Good point! I adapted it.
